jhipster ci cd (#1235)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2022-08-12-ci-cd-microservices-spinnaker.md

---
layout: blog_post

> title: "Continous Integration and Delivery for JHipster Microservices"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "CI/CD for JHipster Microservices with CircleCI and Spinnaker"
```

I searched for good keywords on Keyword Planner and couldn't find any. Therefore, I think we should just use the key technologies and hope the community benefits more than search engines. ;)

author: jimena-garbarino
by: contractor
communities: [devops,security,java]

> description: "How to set up continuous integration with CircleCI and continuous delivery with Spinnaker in a JHipster microservices architecture."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to set up continuous integration with CircleCI and continuous delivery with Spinnaker for a JHipster microservices architecture."
```

> tags: [java, ci, cd, jhipster]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [java, ci, cd, jhipster, circleci, spinnaker]
```
